README.md, before:

# Chrome SensPirate

This is a chrome extension adding buttons to SensCritique.com movies and tv shows to automatically search on torrent websites the related media.

![SensPirate Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/vn7RJhR.png)

#### DISCLAIMER :
This is a proof of concept only and I strongly discourage you to use it for pirating files you don't own copyright.

## How to install this extension :
- Download the `SensPirate.crx` file [from the repo](https://github.com/flrent/chrome-sens-pirate/raw/master/SensPirate.crx)
- Go to `chrome://extensions` in your Google Chrome
- Drag the file there

## Create your own
To create your own build, clone the repository, install the Yeoman Google Chrome Extension generator and run `grunt`.
Then, enable `developer mode` in Google Chrome Extensions page and package it yourself.

## Thanks
This tool has been created with Yeoman, Yeoman Chrome Extension generator, GruntJS, Bower and other JavaScript libraries.

## Licence
Created by [Florent Lamoureux](http://twitter.com/flrent) 
Licensed under MIT license.

Commit message:

Updates Readme with new screenshot and versions history

README.md, after:

# Chrome SensPirate

This is a chrome extension adding buttons to SensCritique.com movies and tv shows to automatically search on torrent websites the related media.

![SensPirate Screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/XqvIFDk.png)

#### DISCLAIMER :
This is a proof of concept only and I strongly discourage you to use it for pirating files you don't own copyright.

## How to install this extension :
- Download the `SensPirate.crx` file [from the repo](https://github.com/flrent/chrome-sens-pirate/raw/master/SensPirate.crx)
- Go to `chrome://extensions` in your Google Chrome
- Drag the file there

## Create your own
To create your own build, clone the repository, install the Yeoman Google Chrome Extension generator and run `grunt`.
Then, enable `developer mode` in Google Chrome Extensions page and package it yourself.

## Version history
- 1.5 Updated with compatibility with the new SensCritique.com (30 October 2013)
- 1.4 Fixed open in a new tab target (October 2013)
- 1.3 First Release (October 2013)

## Thanks
This tool has been created with Yeoman, Yeoman Chrome Extension generator, GruntJS, Bower and other JavaScript libraries.

## Licence
Created by [Florent Lamoureux](http://twitter.com/flrent) 
Licensed under MIT license.
